I joined the dumbest owner's Minecraft
SMP and he's so dumb that I almost got
banned. And because of that, I'm going
to try killing the owner to make him
leave his own SMP. Right when I joined,
no one knew it was me. And that's
because I bought a new Minecraft account
just for that. So hopefully no one
notices me. The first thing I needed to
do was find out who the owner was. I
think I should have done some research
before joining. I got some wood and made
a pickaxe. And then I walked for a bit
and found another player, but that was
my mistake. I asked him for stuff and
then this happened. Stuff, please. Wa!
Oh, he could attack me, but I can
attack. Oh, my bad. Okay, we're good. I
went to get some materials from a nearby
village, and when I came back, something
even worse happened. It looks very cool
and
everything. My bad. Oh, no. No, no.
We're good. Oh my god.
Okay. No. Oh my god. No. He's chasing
me. No. No. Come on. Please, bro. What?
Why are you chasing me? Nah. I I just
tried to get one block and he already
starts just chasing me. Please don't
have a boat. I Please don't have a boat.
I can't lose a heart. He has a totem and
everything. He's so strong. Nah. give me
some time to craft or something. No, I
had died. This was going to be harder
than I thought. Now I had lost all my
items and I didn't even know who the
owner was. But this death just made me
more motivated to go and find the owner.
So when I respawned, I kept asking who
the owner of the server was to the
members, but no one answered me. I was
almost ready to give up, but then
something happened. I checked the tab
list and I saw the player with the
highest rank. He had the influencer
rank. Could this be the owner? Probably
not, but he probably knew the owner. So
I asked to teleport to him. so I can ask
him about where the owner was. He
actually accepted my teleport request
and when I got there, we were in the
end. This was not good at all because I
was on one heart. So, I asked him for
food. Thank you. Oh my god. Okay, he
dropped his bread. That should be
enough. He seemed really nice. So, I
asked him to team. Uh, maybe. Do you
have
anything? Okay, a few blocks. I mean,
I'm not going to complain. Is that it?
He has full enchanted netherite armor,
and he's just giving me a few blocks. I
don't know if we're meant to be
teammates, but then something insane
happened.
Uh, no. Oh my god, that was an accident.
After I died, I decided to go try and
get some wood myself. But before I could
do that, someone surprised me. Wait. Oh,
hi. Wait. Wait. Hi. Are we good? Are we
good? Are we good? Hi, guys. It seemed
that these guys were teamed up. And then
an idea struck me. If all three of us
could team up, we could find and kill
the real owner. So, I asked the team,
and they nodded their heads. This was a
good sign. But then, all right, so I
actually have a little idea. You guys
are probably not going to like this
idea. And I know everyone's going to
hate me in the comments, but I did it
anyway. Oh my god. Oh my god. Um, no one
saw that. In my defense, they were
acting pretty suspicious before. I don't
know what this means. And this guy's
really sus. Why is he moving so sus? But
anyways, now I have much better loot.
No. What did I do? What did I do? Now I
was almost ready to go and kill the
owner. But before I could do that, the
gold person from before requested to
teleport to me. He just sent me
a Wait, I can't hit him. Oh, he has to
hit me, I think. Let's go. I'm sorry,
but it's for a good cause. Wait, he just
combat logged. The player that I had
just chased combat logged and left the
game, so I didn't get any extra hearts.
What? I didn't even get the heart. Oh my
god. After that, I realized that there
was no way I would be able to kill the
owner with my leather armor. So, I
needed to come up with a plan to get
better loot. I saw a skeleton with
enchanted chain mail armor. But when I
killed
him, oh, come on. He didn't drop
anything. I was not off to a good start.
But then I had an idea. Okay, I'm going
to need to be a bit stronger. And I
don't have any food, so I'm going to
need to teleport to someone and try and
get some stuff. So, I'm going to TP to a
random person. Hopefully, they're not
stacked. After a few minutes, someone
actually accepted me. And I was very
surprised because they had better loot
than me, but they didn't kill me for
some reason. Let's go. And he has gold
armor. Wait, this could be an upgrade.
And he has a totem. I said this could be
an upgrade because my plan was actually
to kill him and take his loot. But
before I could even think of a plan, he
started attacking
me. What? Wait,
what? No.
No. Let's go. Oh my god. Luckily, I'm
the world's best PvPer, so he didn't
stand a chance. A diamond sword. Oh my
god, this is a huge upgrade. Wait,
there's a command block. What? How did
they get a command block? After I picked
up all the players loot, I realized that
I was starting to get really hungry. So,
I killed some pigs. And while I was
smelting the food, I saw that some
players were looking for a team. So, I
told them to teleport to me. And one of
them did. Okay, we're good. We're good.
Okay, this guy could actually be team
with me. Thank you. Ooh. Okay, this is
actually good. Look, I have a command
block. Is this going to scare him away?
He's not going to Yeah. Yeah. Look, he's
literally like scared. Okay. Okay. He
was obviously very scared of my command
block, so I decided to use it to my
advantage. I told him that my goal was
to kill the owner of the server. So, I
asked him who the owner was, and he
didn't answer. And then he just started
walking away. This wasn't working out.
So, I decided to follow him. And if he
did anything suspicious, I would kill
him. He's literally just running away.
Wait, I can literally kill him right
now. John. Oh my god. John, are you
trying to No.
John. John, what did you do? You're
about to die. Misclick. I then followed
John around the ravine a little bit
until
What have I done? Oh, shoot. I was
scared that John might report me to the
moderators to get me banned. So, I
needed to find out who the owner was
right now. So, I started wandering
around thinking of an idea, but then I
got automatically teleported to someone.
This wasn't good at all. Oh my god.
Wait, no, no, no, no. I just died.
Luckily, the player let me teleport back
to him and he gave me my loot. But it's
just scary how fast I can lose all my
progress like that. Please don't kill
me. Oh my god. Okay. Oh my god. Okay, he
gave me a step back. Thank you so much.
Oh my god. Thank you so much. Oh my god.
Wait, I This guy is dangerous. He just
left. Oh my god. Oh, that was so that
was scary, bro. After that, another
player requested to teleport to me. And
this time, I decided to take the chance
because this player said that he knew
the owner was. Wait, who's this guy? Oh,
hi, Chief. Another guy just TP to me.
How are you? But before I could ask him
who the owner was, a group of pillagers
came to attack
us. After we finished off all the
pillagers, I asked him who the owner
was. And this time, he told me. It was
Clown the Demon. Clown the Demon? Wait,
is he online right now? He's online. Oh
my god. Okay, wait. Wait. Oh my god.
Okay, I'm not going to kill you. You're
the only person that I love. Okay, I
decided that it was time for me and
Chief to go our separate ways because I
was going on a journey to kill Clown the
Demon. No, no, stop following me. We
have to go. All right, goodbye. But no
matter what I told Chief, he kept
following me. So, I decided to bring him
along. But we didn't know if Clown the
Demon was insanely strong and what armor
he had. So, this was going to be
extremely hard. Our plan was to tell
Clown the Demon to team with us and kill
him when we had the chance to. I told
Clown the Demon to teleport to us, but
he thought it was a trap. So, if we were
going to want to kill him, we would have
to teleport to him. Put on your armor.
We're about to fight. Okay. Okay. I'm
going to TP to him. Guys, I'm sorry, but
it's if if I'm going to want to kill
this stupid owner, I'm going to have to
teleport to him. Goodbye. They accepted
my teleport request, but what I found
was really weird. Found a demon had
teammates, and he wasn't stacked at all.
That was very odd for the owner of the
server. This is very confusing. And it
looks like he has a teammate. Uh, we're
good, right? Okay, I'm going to have to
split him up from his teammate because
this is going to be hard. Uh, this is
not good. This is not good. Okay, I was
panicking. I didn't know what to do. And
I didn't even have teammates by my side
to help me. But then, wait, what? Wait,
there's another person. Are we Are we
hunting with clown? I'm hunting with the
owner. I'm kind of teamed with him right
now. Wait, his teammate isn't looking.
Come on. Okay, I'm just going to wait
for his teammate to to get a little
farther from him. Come on. All right,
come on, Chief. Chief, let's go. Come
on. Kill him. Kill his teammate. I got
his teammate. Wait, where did Clown go?
I see him. Come here, clown. Your
teammate's dead. Now it's your time to
die. Wait, he seems sad. Wait, wait,
wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We might
not want to kill him, guys. Wait, hold
on. We actually might not want to kill
him. This is sad. This is just sad. Um,
plan on the demon. No. No. Not Chief.
What are you doing? No. No. Oh my god.
Oh my god. He almost killed you, Chief,
bro. Chief. Oh my god. Oh my god. I
killed the owner. Let's go. We finally
hit our goal of killing the dumbest
owner of any Minecraft server. And click
on this video if you want to see